
ustring, a C++ Unicode library.

the latest release is available at http://ustring.charabia.net

---------------------

1. What is the ustring library ?

 ustring targets the complete conformance of the Unicode 3.0
standard. That is :
 - an access to the Unicode characters database
 - the normalization forms C, D, KC, and KD
 - unicode-based standard string processing
 - unicode level-1 Regular Expressions
 - line breaking properties
 - the bidirectionnal algorithm
 - and all the other features defined by the unicode standard.

 Not all those features are implemented yet, please look at the TODO
file to have a list of the missing features. Go to the
http://www.unicode.org for more details on the Unicode Standard.

2. What can a Unicode library do for me ?

 Unicode stores characters on 16 (or 32) bit, which implies it can
handle european, chinese, hebrew, etc. characters. The character
database allows a complete handling of case mapping (upper, lower, and
title case transformations). Normalization forms can decompose the
characters into letters and diacritical marks, and recompose them.

 If your programs use multiple charsets, multiple languages, or need
informations on character properties (eg. to have the upper case of a
letter, of remove the diacritics from a string), then you probably
need Unicode.

3. Can I freely use the ustring library ?

 Yes, as long as your program uses a license compatible with the GNU
GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE. Read the COPYING for details on this license.

4. How can I install the library ?

 Read the INSTALL file that comes with the package.

5. The configure script complains about a iconv function missing, or
not implementing UCS-x. How can I fix this ?

 The ustring library relies on the iconv function to convert the
different charsets to/from UCS-2 or UCS-4. If the iconv function
available on your system does not suit the current needs of ustring,
you will have to install the LIBICONV package, freely available at
http://clisp.cons.org/~haible/packages-libiconv.html (homepage), or at
ftp://ftp.ilog.fr/pub/Users/haible/gnu/libiconv-1.3.tar.gz
(distribution).

