To this end , the Y 2 K center would continue monitoring the situation 24 hours a day until at least January 5 , he said . 
Canada 's First Millennium Baby Born in New Brunswick OTTAWA , January 1 -LBR- Xinhua -RBR- Canada 's first millennium baby , a boy , was born in the country 's eastern province of New Brunswick . 
The baby was born less than an hour after midnight . 
Another baby was later born in Edmonton , capital of Alberta in the west , the latest information available said . 
Canada Announces Smooth Rollover into New Millennium OTTAWA , January 1 -LBR- Xinhua -RBR- The Canadian federal government has announced over and again since late Friday night that no bugs are biting because of extraordinarily well preparedness . 
There have been no millennium-related bugs and " no news is good news " when it comes to the issue , according to the latest government announcement released Saturday morning . 
The smooth rollover was described as a first dividend in the announcement , which also said that the country has well prepared for the future . 
As many as 147 departments and agencies have contingency plans and the country has an excellent base on which to built , according to the official announcement . 
Canada has spent an estimated 2.5 billion Canadian dollars -LBR- about 1.7 billion U.S. dollars -RBR- on efforts to avoid Y 2 K bugs . 
Hopman Cup Tennis Results CANBERRA , January 1 -LBR- Xinhua -RBR- Following are the results from the Hopman Cup mixed team tennis tournament in Perth on Saturday : Women 's singles : Tamarine Tanasugarn , Thailand , bt Ai Sugiyama , Japan , 6-1 , 6-3 Men 's singles : Paradorn Srichaphan , Thailand , bt Takao Suzuki , Japan , 6-3 , 7-6 -LBR- 7-2 -RBR- Mixed doubles : Tanasugarn / Srichaphan lost to Sugiyama / Suzuki 3-6 , 4-6 Rome Millennium Marathon Results ROME , January 1 -LBR- Xinhua -RBR- Following are the leading results of Rome Millennium Marathon on Saturday : Men 1 . 
Josephat Kiprono , Kenya , two hours eight minutes 27 seconds 2 . 
Giacomo Leone , Italy , 2.08 : 41 3 . 
Francesco Ingargiola , Italy , 2.08 : 49 4 . 
Moges Taye , Ethiopia , 2.09 : 49 5 . 
Wesley Chelule , Kenya , 2.10 : 14 Women 1 . 
Tegla Loroupe , Kenya , 2.32 : 04 2 . 
Gadisse Edatto , Ethiopia , 2.32 : 11 3 . 
Helen Kimutai , Kenya , 2.33 : 47 4 . 
Svetlana Netchaeva , Russia , 2.36 : 34 5 . 
Irina Safarova , Russia , 2.38 : 00 Today 's Domestic News Items From Xinhua BEIJING , January 1 -LBR- Xinhua -RBR- Following are the domestic news items released by Xinhua today : Remote Seaside Town Revels in New Year Dawn 21 st Century Brings New Hope : Chinese Students -LBR- 1 -RBR- 21 st Century Brings New Hope : Chinese Students -LBR- 2 -RBR- Feature : New Year Dawn Turns Fisherman Into Celebrity -LBR- 1 -RBR- Feature : New Year Dawn Turns Fisherman Into Celebrity -LBR- 2 -RBR- China 's Easternmost Point Celebrates New Year Chinese Cheer New Year At Mount Taishan Macao SAR Chief Executive Delivers New Year Message Weekly Highlights of Major Diplomatic News -LBR- 1 -RBR- Weekly Highlights of Major Diplomatic News -LBR- 2 -RBR- Weekly Highlights of Major Diplomatic News -LBR- 3 -RBR- HK Enters the Year 2000 Free From Y 2 K Bug Hong Kong Issues Millennium Stamps Senior PLA Officers in Macao Deliver New Year Message China Passes into Year 2000 Y 2 K Free First Macao Tourists at Gongbei Customs Checkpoint in 2000 Chinese People Embrace New Year in Different Ways Macao Newspapers Hail Arrival of Year 2000 Highlights of Major Beijing-based Newspapers Weather Forecast for Major Chinese Cities President Jiang Visits Bells of Harmony New Year 's Concert in Beijing Guizhou People Donate Blood to Greet New Millennium CPPCC Throws Tea Party to Greet New Year Weather Forecast for Major World Cities Xinhua Photo List on January 1 , 2000 Two Ships Collide in East China China 's Foreign Reserves Total 154.6 Billion U.S. Dollars Chinese People Embrace New Year in Different Ways -LBR- more added -RBR- Cambodian PM Urges People to Safeguard Stability PHNOM PENH , January 1 -LBR- Xinhua -RBR- Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen Saturday called on his fellow countrymen to safeguard national stability for the benefit of social and economic development .